hello to them hello
and today our video will be dedicated
Another package from China from the site
aliexpress
you guessed it by video title
in the parcel we are cube rubik three
by three
the parcel went 51 days it was estimated four
and a half dollar parcel weight 200
gram link to the seller leave in
video description
The price of this product from the seller is 160
rubles the parcel itself is not damaged
if before the opening has not go to
unpacking the parcel and so drumming
fraction
go
neatly cut off the top of the package reach
the contents of the contents we have here
beautiful box which is written
everything in chinese so open
a box a box of us is so
here is a beautiful colorful instruction on
Chinese and of course our cube
rubik
Here we have a bright beautiful cube
Rubik wheel spinning just fine
on and generally cool
if you compare it with this cube
rubik which is already unknown how much
years and will spend was still in ussr which
twist without mats impossible then this
Chinese Rubik Cube
it's a pleasure to turn
so the colors themselves at the Rubik's Cube is
colored stickers all great 10
years of pimples
Of course with time on a nickname under
rub against
and it may even be peeled off but
time will tell
and
on this our video comes to an end
who liked put huskies who do not
liked dizlayki leave
comments
subscribe to the channel with you was prapor
bye everyone